please sit relax consider this office
your office now sir tell me your
troubles well yeah come to Papa
come on my wife has me between a rock
and a hard place that's her job you
should respect that
sounds like to me you go nail his when a
marriage hits the skids honey my key
doesn't work can we talk
and there's a fortune to protect miles
Massey is the best there is
so you propose that in spite of
demonstrable infidelity on your part
your unoffending wife should be tossed
out on our ear is that possible it's a
challenge Your Honor I call heights the
Baron Krauss von espy now a man who was
used to winning
did she specify what kind of a husband
she was looking for she said she wanted
a very rich husband he's about to lose
his heart to a woman look at her
Nath lead at the peak of a power
who is ready to bite back I would be
delighted honor really oh okay
you named him after your ex I'm
sentiment friends today miles Massey is
here to tell you that love need cause us
no fear
I assume you're a carnival Oh mr. Massey
yeah you have no idea love me cause us
no she objection your honor
strangling a witness I'm going to allow
love is good Marilyn we're Pleasant
Sudeley how can i are planning tomorrow
dump it
I could have it as part of that you
fascinate me the intolerable cruelty